Alex Hayhurst
Roswell, GA 30076
brianhayhurst5_k2d@indeedemail.com
+1 703 618 2964
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Construction Manager
Hardeman Real Estate-Sandy Springs, GA
June 2022 to Present
I worked to create scopes of work for home renovations, in order to create a budget.
Figure out what repairs will add the most value.
Gather estimates for work to be completed.
Schedule tradesmen.
Order materials and coordinate deliveries.
Check the progress and quality of work by checking in weekly and creating punch lists.
Organize and send out payments and invoices.
Conduct expenditure reports for all projects.
Warranty Specialist
Richmond American Homes-Castle Rock, CO
June 2021 to Present
Schedule warranty repairs to complete punch lists for new home builds. Coordinate with homeowners to
make repairs covered under limited home warranty
Residential Home Inspector
Axium Inspections-Denver, CO
July 2020 to Present
o Conducted Home Inspections to evaluate the condition of homes for transactions, Home Warranties,
and private consulting.
o Provided summary of Inspection to convey a homes overall condition.
o Navigated customer service calls and situations.
o Worked in a flexible, constantly changing environment.
o Traveled Denver and the State of Colorado extensively.
6th Grade Social Studies Teacher
Adams City Middle School
August 2017 to May 2020
Refined instruction to provide the best educational experience possible.
◦ Acquired new methods of instruction to continually improve my craft
◦ Solved problems in high pressure situations◦ Worked with co-workers and students to create a trusted and productive learning environment.
◦ Assessed students' knowledge through constant interactions and checks for understanding
Accounts Payable Clerk
EOG Resources-Denver, CO
September 2016 to July 2017
Verified oil well equipment with well charges and spread sheets.
◦ Identified different components of equipment on the oil wells by analyzing pictures taken in the field.
◦ Identified conditions of specific equipment and components.
◦ Researched the location and history of oil well equipment using invoices, Journal entries, material
transfers, and well charges.
◦ Used many different software programs in order to achieve abstract goals and tasks.
◦ Organized spreadsheets for use throughout the division.
◦ Uploaded data into various computer programs.
◦ Communicated with office staff and well workers to verify equipment and solve organizational issues.
Administrative Assistant
Mississippi Title Group
August 2013 to May 2016
Deliver documents and mail
◦ Organize filing system
◦ Answer the phone and directed calls
◦ Assist other employees in any way possible
◦ Attended networking events
◦ Recorded legal documents
◦ Assisted in loan closings
LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCES AND ACTIVITIES
• Assistant Boys Soccer Coach Adams City Middle School
• Head JV Boys Lacrosse Coach Ralston Valley High School
• Led behavior intervention meetings with parents and other teachers
Residential Home Inspector
Education
Axium Academy Online Program
June 2020
None
InterNACHI Training Program
June 2020
Masters in Teaching
Christian Brothers University
December 2016
Bachelors of Arts in History
The University of MississippiMay 2014
Master of Arts
Skills
• Computer Skills- Proficient in Micro-Soft Word and Power-point, Excel, research skills, Work well with
most software and consider myself computer savvy.
• Management- Proficient in managing 30+ students during 5, hour long, class periods totaling about
150 students per year.
• Research- Successfully research cutting edge pedagogy as well as content in the classroom setting;
successfully tracked oil well financial history and materials.
• Data Entry and Analysis- Input data pertaining to the behavior and academics of students; Analyze
data to inform best practices in the classroom; Analyzed data to research location of oil well
equipment; Analyzed financial data of oil wells and accompanying equipment.
• Problem Solving- Successfully navigated issued in the classroom, school and office. Very good at
thinking on my feet in high pressure situations.
• Diligent and Detail Oriented- Worked to ensure the details were never missed.
• Self-Starter- I work well when given independence.
• Teaching
• Journal Entries
• Curriculum Development
• Writing Skills
• Classroom Management
• Sports Coaching
Certifications and Licenses
Teaching Certification