1 
 
Serco Business 
JA’ VIONTAY THOMAS 
Gwinnett County, Georgia 
470-965-4646  
Jay13467@gmail.com 
 
 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
 
EPA Certified HVAC Tech seeking an opportunity to work with a progressive company which offers advancement. While 
in the United States Marine Corp, I was employed as a Radio Operator and Military Veteran with a Secret Security 
Clearance and 3 years of service. Led a team of 3 staff members in radio inventory and repairs within a fast-paced 
environment, achieving measurable results. 
 
HVAC Skills 
  
 
 Efficiently reading schematics and blueprints 
 Clear understanding of how heating and air conditioning systems function 
 Brazing and soldering copper tubing 
 Utilizing temperature clamps, multimeters and gauges to troubleshoot and diagnose units 
                         
 
 
 
 
Technical Skills: Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Teams,) | SharePoint | Oracle (Global Combat Support 
System) | Preventative Maintenance | Troubleshooting | Harris Communications | Records Management | Risk Management 
| Armory Management | Preventative Maintenance | Troubleshooting | Inventory Control | Warehouse Operations 
 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 
UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS – Various Locations  November 2019 – November 2023 
Transmission Operator Supervisor, Okinawa, Japan (August 2020 – Present) 
Set up radios, antennas, computers and troubleshoot telecommunication equipment for a department of 25 military 
professionals 
 Coordinated the setup and maintenance of telecom equipment, encompassing radios, antennas, and computers, for 
a 25-strong military unit, ensuring seamless communication and operational readiness. 
 Spearheaded the successful execution of more than 5 critical Marine Corps projects in the Indo-Pacific by deploying 
and managing over 50 telecom devices, directly contributing to mission success and collaboration. 
 Attained selection for the prestigious Marine Corps advanced radio operator course because of exceptional 
performance and professionalism, resulting in an elevated level of expertise and knowledge in radio systems. 
 Played a pivotal role in fostering collaboration among U.S. Navy, Air Force, and international military counterparts, 
including South Korea, Japan, and Australia, by delivering comprehensive training in radio operations, 
troubleshooting, and repair techniques. 
 Demonstrated unwavering attention to detail and accuracy while handling encrypted equipment and sensitive data, 
ensuring the security and integrity of critical information. 
 Established and maintained 100% mission-ready two-way radio communication capabilities for military 
professionals, enabling effective operational communications across the globe in a highly sensitive and mission-
critical environment. 
 
WALMART – Various Locations,   June 2017- September 2019  
Warehouse Supervisor, Tallahassee, Florida (August 2019 – September 2019) 
 Supervised and developed associates in area of responsibility by assigning duties and coordinating workloads. 
 Monitored performance and provided feedback to associates and manager.

2 
 
Serco Business 
 Maintained quality and safety standards in area of responsibility by ensuring associates were trained on company 
policies, standards, and procedures. 
 Worked with associated to unload goods from trucks and planned the maneuver and storage of goods around the 
store.  
 
Warehouse Stock and Unloading Associate, Duluth, Georgia (June 2017 – August 2018) 
 Operated electrical forklift for faster unloading of goods. 
 Supervised team members and made sure everything was done correctly. 
 Moved inventory in the backroom and unloading trucks. 
 Kept aisles neat and area is clean. 
 Engaged vendors and drivers with a positive attitude. 
 Greeted customers and answer their questions.  
 
EDUCATION  
 
HVAC-R Technician Fortis College   December 2024 
Tactical Transmission Operator, Communication Electronics School, Twentynine Palms, July 2020 
Field Radio Operator, Communication Electronics School, Twentynine Palms, July 2020 
High School Diploma, FAMU Development Research School - 2017 
 
CERTIFICATIONS 
Universal EPA -2024 
Tactical Transmission Operator - 2020. 
Field Radio Operator - 2020 
United States Government Motor Vehicle Operator - Valid until 2029  
 
SELECT AWARDS 
 
 United States Marine Corps Good Conduct Medal  
 National Defense Service Medal  
 Sea Service Deployment Ribbon  
 Global War on Terrorism Ribbon